6600 6599 refactor unity metadata (#297)
bugsnag/bugsnag-unity: CHANGELOG.md

This version contains **breaking** changes, as bugsnag-unity has been updated to use the latest available versions of bugsnag-android (v4.22.2 -> v5.9.4) and bugsnag-cocoa (v5.23.5 -> v6.9.3).

### Enhancements

> * Added more metadata to events and removed duplicate/unnecessary metadata

Reviewer: Could be more specific

```suggestion
* Added event metadata for CPU and graphics capabilities and removed duplicate/unnecessary metadata
```
